# The Aleatoric Learning Channel
this is the repository for the code behind [the aleatoric learning channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2wcr8bK-dM88mLCOqik9ow).  
It generates random semi-educational videos that are meant more as an exploration of chance and media in the age of information.  
It begins by pulling a random wikipedia article, which is summarized using the online service SMMRY.  
Using the keywords generated by SMMRY, it pulls random images from Google Images and videos from YouTube.  
After running these through a glitchy gauntlet and combining with some spooky soundtrack, you have a brand new, somewhat cohesive video.

[the aleatoric learning channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2wcr8bK-dM88mLCOqik9ow) is on youtube! Check out the generataed videos here.  

## To use:
You will need API keys for SMMRY (free) and OpenAI (if using). Include them in an .env file like  
OPENAI_API_KEY = "your key"  
SMMRY_API_KEY = "your key"  
From there, start a virtual environment, pip install requirements, and run python main.py.  

## Future Goals:
* Use OpenAI to either smooth out the summarized text or add some commentary to it.  
* Find some sound effects to include, maybe downloaded from freesounds.org or something similar?
* More glitching options
* Better TTS (Or worse? Maybe glitchier as well?)
* Maybe find a way to automatically upload to YouTube? I had this feature implemented but it appears currently videos uploaded using unverified third party APIs will be locked as private. Unless I can find a way around this, videos will still be uploaded manually.
